I'm still thinking about how to deal with me
Madam, you are his husband
I've heard of you since I came to Nancheng
Aren't you the rapist from five years ago?
You rubbish
What have you done to me?
Didn't do anything
Just to raise you up
Return other people's things to their original owners
What you you
You
How dare you give me an explanation?
Why did you lie to me?
Aren't you afraid that my Chen family will spare you the trouble?
Madam, please forgive me
If I don't do that, I'm in bigger trouble
Please spare my life
I don't dare anymore.
Absolutely be a doctor
Your hands are already dirty
Can you still save people with one soldier?
I didn't know you had to go out and pay for it yourself
Yes
Don't don't forgive me
I don't dare anymore I really don't dare again
I really dare not.
I declare you
I am Chen Jiao, one of the three giants of the Chen family.
You can't mess with me
I advise your emperor to send me back
Ancestral tomb Santai
Three great children
Come and save your mother and save you
He can't protect himself now
Still in hell
What do you want?
Take care of yourself first
You can't get out
You don't want to go out for the rest of your life
This hospital is your grave